hello my friends I'm going to show you
today how to play your favorite TV shows
or aud movies that's why I'm going to
use this adapter and this SD card this
is a 32 gigabyte SD card for wat Eden
iOS iOS or my type obviously the reason
is why this type recognize files larger
than to dig abides this one is inserted
so I'm going to do doing this tutorial
because not many of us have enough money
to spend on expensive ipad for example
of my iPad has less than second ago
bites available that's why I'm not gonna
copy the movie I'm gonna not gonna
storage store the move into my iPad
gonna create a shortcut of this movie
from this adapter so i'm going to plug
this in let's wait a few seconds more
than the flash drive to be mounted
yes my flash drive i have three movies
your first one has four point four
gigabytes and this one these TV shows
police guys wanting your bites you must
understand that this files this movies
is originally downloaded internet it's
not converted on itunes requirement if
i'm going to create a shortcut for
example long i'm going to take this one
for example first one press edit select
the movie press this like on the
coupling dress down again after that you
must navigate to video player folder for
example i'm gonna use cynics player
press documents and edit again create
link you can see i have four come from
this movie few bites whatever i'm gonna
hop on the next player no wait call the
movie two shows up let go this one is a
shortcut please remind that is it will
be played directly from the SD card as
you can see here 0 megabytes obviously
orphan black apply this one
hey sarah this oops yes so that's it
that's the shortcut after the the same
the same method applies to to this movie
I'm gonna test another video player
gonna quick shortcut to understand copy
link done and gonna use for example pro
player documents take a shortcut here
and grab open pro player and you can see
this movie is already here 10 4 bytes
the shortcut obviously so the movie
plays or ago Romanian subtitle whatever
so that's it gonna gonna save a lot of
space because you will play the movies
from the SD card directly that's why if
you check here i have the same space on
my ipad available to install software
another or another movie so have a nice
day